feat: Add Security category filter TAROT-2469 (#1988)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-security-and-risk.md

When viewing the dashboard, you can:

> -   Limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities or repositories by clicking the **Severity**, **Repository**, or **Security category** drop-downs above the main area.

Reviewer: Small tweak, for completeness.

```suggestion
-   Limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities, repositories, or categories by clicking the **Severity**, **Repository**, or **Security category** drop-downs above the main area.
```

Reviewer: An alternative to avoid repetition:

```suggestion
-   Limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities, repositories, or security categories by clicking filter drop-downs above the main area.
```

Author: LGTM. Added a final tweak for flow.

```suggestion
-   Limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities, repositories, or security categories by clicking the filter drop-downs above the main area.
```

When viewing the item list, you can:

> -   Update the filtering criteria by clicking the **Severity**, **Status**, **Repository**, or **Security category** drop-downs above the list.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Limit the total counts in each panel to a specific set of severities, repositories, or security categories by clicking the filter drop-downs above the main area.
```
